Most modern touchscreens are made using OGS
technology.
Without going into deep detail, such touchscreens
have one glass layer removed, making them
much thinner.
The glass is replaced by some insulation substance,
in most cases - air.
And this air between the touch panel glass
and the display matrix itself may cause you
some trouble, especially if your are lucky
enough to get a huge, 5" or more device while
being unlucky enough to life in a shitty and
cold climate, like Russia, where we have snow
or rain like 8 months out of 12.
Well, in this case your device is prone to
this kind of trouble - a wet spot inside the
screen.
If you press hard in the middle of such big,
over 5" screen, when carrying it inside your
tight jeans pocket for example full of warm
moisture generated by your body, and then
pull it out into cooler air to answer a call,
the moisturized air between the glass and
the display will condensate causing this water
spot right in the middle of the screen.
The poodle moves when you touch it with your
finger.
The picture behind this moisture appears brighter
than in the corners of the screen.
The poodle is formed under the same principle
thermo fabric is made.
Such fabric often found in sports apparel,
is made of very thin membrane.
The pores of the membrane are big enough for
water steam molecules to come through, but
too narrow for bigger water molecules to pass
it.
So the sweat steam generated by your body
easily goes away through these pores onto
the outside of the fabric, where it quickly
condensates to water sweat, and cannot get
back through the membrane, keeping your body
dry.
The sweat then quickly evaporates from the
surface.
You may be like - well professor what should
we do?
Take a small suction cup.
The one used in bathrooms are normally too
big, but those used in ladies razor holder
should do.
I'll be using a suction cup phone stand which
I already reviewed.
Go see the review, by the way.
So press the suction cup right above the wet
spot and now start to firmly push it upwards.
Do not be a chicken, but also do not apply
too much force as you may disassemble the
screen.
You'll hear a small pop.
How use a toothpick to decompress the suction
cup.
As you may see, the display is as good as
new.